Want to use shorts to increase your
long-form video views? Here are four
strategies to turn research into growth.
Here's the thing. Some people only watch
shorts. They may never click on a
10-minute long video, no matter how good
it is. Others might watch long-form
videos about one topic, but only shorts
about another. Think about it. They
might watch a 10-minute tech review, but
they only want 1 minute of a new dance
trend. And some might watch both, but
shorts are where they're willing to
explore.
>> [music]
>> So, if you don't make shorts, you're
never going to reach those audiences.
Shorts aren't just a promo tool for your
other videos. They're an entry point for
bringing entirely new people to your
channel.
To engage them, here's what you want to
do.
Create a clear path. Your first job is
to make it as [music] easy as possible
for a viewer to go from your short to
your longer content.
You have to build a bridge, and the best
tool for the job is the related videos
button. This is a clickable link you can
add to your shorts that points to any of
your other videos, whether [music]
that's a short, long-form video, or live
stream. To add this link, sign in to
YouTube Studio. From the left menu,
select content. Click the short you'd
like to edit, and then select a related
video from your channel.
But, what you link to matters. You want
to match the viewer's intent.
Think about why they watch your content
in the first place. Did you teach them
something? Link to a longer tutorial
with more detail. Did you show them a
cool product? Link to an in-depth review
of it. Did you give them the perfect
vibe? Link to where they can get even
more of that vibe to love.
Give them a reason to click now. A
viewer won't click just because you want
them to. They'll click because they want
to.
This is all about your call to action.
When you use the related video feature,
don't just hope they see it. Create a
verbal call to action, like
"Get the full in-depth tutorial by
clicking the link right here."
Point at the link so they know where to
click, or throw up an image of the
thumbnail so they know what they're
getting. And remember, if you're
clipping content from a long-form video,
make sure your short still stands on its
own without needing any extra context.
Reward the click immediately. This might
be the most important tip. Just like a
thumbnail makes a promise that the video
intro has to deliver on, so is a short
when you use the related video link.
When they click on that link, you have
to reward them for that click right
away.
Don't start with a long unrelated
preamble. Don't make them hunt for the
information. The very first few seconds
of your long video should confirm they
made the right choice. Lastly, be the
first to experiment. The Shorts player
is always evolving, and the creators who
grow the fastest are the ones who are
willing to test new formats before
everyone else.
What worked last month might be old news
today.
Right now, one of the biggest
opportunities for experimentation is
with vertical live streams. These
streams can be discovered directly in
the Shorts feed. Viewers scrolling
through Shorts can see your broadcast
and tap a watch live button to jump
right into your stream. It's a powerful
way to take that new Shorts-only
audience we talked about and instantly
connect with them in a real-time
interactive environment. They can chat,
send Super Chats, and even become
members all from the Shorts feed. And
it's not just live. Be the first to try
new AI tools, test new stickers, try new
formats, tell new stories.
The key is to treat new features as a
playground. Not every experiment will
work, but the ones that do will give you
a massive advantage and help [music] you
build a dynamic growing channel that's
always one step ahead. So, here's the
bottom line. Getting a 30-second view
may be easy, but turning that 30-second
viewer into a long-term subscriber,
that's not a hack. That's a
relationship. And relationships don't
happen by accident. They happen by
design. You now have that design. You
have the tools from the related video
link to vertical live to make that first
introduction, to create the curiosity
that makes them want to know more, to
give them a reason to click, and to
reward them when they do. Now, go make
that connection.